[FIX] API convention (#634)
shopinvader/odoo-shopinvader: README.md

Documentation
===============

The official documentation is available here: https://doc.shopinvader.com

Guideline
==============

Naming service
---------------

> Service must always be named in plural for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services must always be named in plural form. Example:
```

```python
    class SaleService(Component):
        _inherit = "shopinvader.abstract.sale.service"
        _name = "shopinvader.sale.service"
        _usage = "sales"
        _expose_model = "sale.order"
```

> In some really rare case your API is a singleton,
> this mean work on only record without specifying the id
> In that case and only in that case you can use singular
> to make it explicit.
> 
> For now we have only 3 cases of singleton API:
> - customer
> - cart
> - guest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some rare cases where you need to expose a singleton,
you can use singular to make it explicit.

At the moment we have only 3 cases of singleton API:

- customer
- cart
- guest

Finally, working on one record at once allows to skip passing its ID around.
```
